README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Antonín! 👋

### 👨‍💻 Full Stack Web & Native Developer | Crypto & AI Enthusiast

[cite_start]I am a software engineer with **9+ years of experience** building everything from massive big systems to utility native apps[cite: 4, 5]. [cite_start]Currently, I am working at Access Labs[cite: 21, 23].

I love solving complex engineering problems and creating beautiful UIs, be it for 

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### ☕ **[Caffeine Clock](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AWSoft.CaffeineClock&hl=en)**
*A React Native app for tracking caffeine intake and sleep optimization.*
* [cite_start]**The Win:** Successfully launched to **15,000+ users** with a **4.7-star rating** on Google Play[cite: 52, 53].
* **Tech:** React Native, Mobile Architecture.
* **Status:** Active & maintained.

### 🏛️ **Bill Systems**
*A comprehensive SaaS platform for law offices in Czechia.*
* [cite_start]**The Role:** Co-founder & CTO[cite: 46, 48].
* **The Engineering:** Built the entire software stack from scratch. [cite_start]While the business is no longer active, this project represents my deepest dive into complex system architecture, scalability, and full-product lifecycle management[cite: 49].

### 🤖 **Access Intelligence (Current Work)**
*Launchpad for tokens supported by AI agents.*
* [cite_start]**My Contribution:** Handling frontend architecture, design and a lot of backend logic for the Access Intelligence platform on Solana[cite: 23, 24].

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

[cite_start]I have a wide spectrum of experience ranging from large enterprise apps (IBM, Mews), creating own SaaS apps (Bill Systems) to utility native apps[cite: 5, 14, 15].

| Domain | Technologies |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Languages** | [cite_start]TypeScript, JavaScript, Go [cite: 38, 41] |
| **Frontend** | [cite_start]React, Next.js, HTML/CSS [cite: 39] |
| **Mobile** | [cite_start]React Native (iOS & Android) [cite: 35, 40] |
| **Backend** | Node.js, Go, Microservices |
| **Web3** | [cite_start]Solana, Blockchain Integration [cite: 6, 37] |
| **Other** | [cite_start]AI Agents, E2E Testing, System Architecture [cite: 23, 42] |

---

## 💼 Experience at a Glance

* **Senior Full Stack Developer** @ Access Labs (Remote) | [cite_start]*Nov 2024 - Present* [cite: 21]
* **Senior Full Stack Developer** @ Tatum | [cite_start]*2024* [cite: 18, 19]
* **Senior Frontend Developer** @ Mews (Finance Team) | [cite_start]*2021 - 2023* [cite: 15, 16]
* **Watson iLab Web Developer** @ IBM | [cite_start]*2017 - 2021* [cite: 14]

---

## 🎓 Education
* **Ing. (Masters Equiv.) [cite_start]in Software Engineering** - Czech Technical University in Prague [cite: 29, 32]
* **Bc. in Software Engineering** - Czech Technical University in Prague [cite: 26]

---

## 🌍 Outside of Code
I'm a geek, an avid traveller, and always looking to learn more about the world[cite: 44]. I also occasionally build small fun projects like **Faviconizer** and game price trackers[cite: 56].

📫 **Get in Touch:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/) • [Email](mailto:antonin.wingender@gmail.com) • [X Profile](https://x.com/WingenderA) • Telegram: @AWingender

Commit message:

Update README to reflect project changes
Removed featured projects section and adjusted project descriptions.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Antonín! 👋

### 👨‍💻 Full Stack Web & Native Developer | Crypto & AI Enthusiast

[cite_start]I am a software engineer with **9+ years of experience** building everything from massive big systems to utility native apps[cite: 4, 5]. [cite_start]Currently, I am working at Access Labs[cite: 21, 23].

I love solving complex engineering problems and creating beautiful UIs, be it for large SaaS apps like my (unfortunately failed) startup Bill Systems or for my caffeine tracking app, Caffeine Clock.

## Projects

### ☕ **[Caffeine Clock](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AWSoft.CaffeineClock&hl=en)**
*A React Native app for tracking caffeine intake and sleep optimization.*
* [cite_start]**The Win:** Successfully launched to **15,000+ users** with a **4.7-star rating** on Google Play[cite: 52, 53].
* **Tech:** React Native, Mobile Architecture.
* **Status:** Active & maintained.

### 🏛️ **Bill Systems**
*A comprehensive SaaS platform for law offices in Czechia.*
* [cite_start]**The Role:** Co-founder & CTO[cite: 46, 48].
* **The Engineering:** Built the entire software stack from scratch. [cite_start]While the business is no longer active, this project represents my deepest dive into complex system architecture, scalability, and full-product lifecycle management[cite: 49].

### 🤖 **Access Intelligence (Current Work)**
*Launchpad for tokens supported by AI agents.*
* [cite_start]**My Contribution:** Handling frontend architecture, design and a lot of backend logic for the Access Intelligence platform on Solana[cite: 23, 24].

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

[cite_start]I have a wide spectrum of experience ranging from large enterprise apps (IBM, Mews), creating own SaaS apps (Bill Systems) to utility native apps[cite: 5, 14, 15].

| Domain | Technologies |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Languages** | [cite_start]TypeScript, JavaScript, Go [cite: 38, 41] |
| **Frontend** | [cite_start]React, Next.js, HTML/CSS [cite: 39] |
| **Mobile** | [cite_start]React Native (iOS & Android) [cite: 35, 40] |
| **Backend** | Node.js, Go, Microservices |
| **Web3** | [cite_start]Solana, Blockchain Integration [cite: 6, 37] |
| **Other** | [cite_start]AI Agents, E2E Testing, System Architecture [cite: 23, 42] |

---

## 💼 Experience at a Glance

* **Senior Full Stack Developer** @ Access Labs (Remote) | [cite_start]*Nov 2024 - Present* [cite: 21]
* **Senior Full Stack Developer** @ Tatum | [cite_start]*2024* [cite: 18, 19]
* **Senior Frontend Developer** @ Mews (Finance Team) | [cite_start]*2021 - 2023* [cite: 15, 16]
* **Watson iLab Web Developer** @ IBM | [cite_start]*2017 - 2021* [cite: 14]

---

## 🎓 Education
* **Ing. (Masters Equiv.) [cite_start]in Software Engineering** - Czech Technical University in Prague [cite: 29, 32]
* **Bc. in Software Engineering** - Czech Technical University in Prague [cite: 26]

---

## 🌍 Outside of Code
I'm a geek, an avid traveller, and always looking to learn more about the world[cite: 44]. I also occasionally build small fun projects like **Faviconizer** and game price trackers[cite: 56].

📫 **Get in Touch:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/) • [Email](mailto:antonin.wingender@gmail.com) • [X Profile](https://x.com/WingenderA) • Telegram: @AWingender
